docs: clarify sentence on accessing data via RLS (#18418)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/postgres/row-level-security.mdx

alter table "table_name" enable row level security;
```

> Once you have enabled RLS, no data will be accessible via the [APIs](/docs/guides/api) until you create policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have enabled RLS, no data will be accessible via the [API](/docs/guides/api) when using the public `anon` key, until you create policies.
```
